AI-Aided: Add documentation for Load Metric field in About dialog (#8103)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/admin/generating-support-packet.rst

These files can be read using `pprof <https://golang.google.cn/cmd/pprof/>`_.

Use ``go tool pprof -web X`` to open a visualization of the profile in your browser, replacing ``X`` with the profile's file name.

Load metric
------------

> From Mattermost v10.10, system admins have access to an additional diagnostic data point when working with Mattermost support by going to  the **Product** menu |product-list| and selecting **About Mattermost**. 

Reviewer: This information is not limited to system admins: it's intentionally exposed to any regular user of the system.

> The **Load Metric** field displays current server activity levels and usage patterns, giving Mattermost support teams a contextual reference point for understanding deployment characteristics without requiring access to detailed logs, configurations, or sensitive system data. System admins may need to reference this value when working with Mattermost support teams in environments where Support Packet generation is restricted or prohibited.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we shouldn't just be explicit that we're computing a monthly active users metric relative to the total number of licensed users?

> From Mattermost v10.10, all users have access to an additional diagnostic data point when working with Mattermost support by going to  the **Product** menu |product-list| and selecting **About Mattermost**. 
> 
> The **Load Metric** field displays monthly active users relative to the total number of licensed users, giving Mattermost support teams a contextual reference point for understanding deployment characteristics without requiring access to detailed logs, configurations, or sensitive system data. Users may need to reference this value when working with Mattermost support teams in environments where Support Packet generation is restricted or prohibited.
> 
> It isn't a comprehensive performance monitoring tool or health indicator, but serves as a supplementary data point to assist Mattermost support teams when traditional diagnostic methods aren't available. 

Author: ```suggestion
Mattermost v10.10 introduces an additional diagnostic data point under the **Product Menu > About Mattermost** popup.

The Load Metric field displays monthly active users relative to the total number of licensed users, giving Mattermost support teams a contextual reference point for understanding deployment active usage for troubleshooting and guidance. It isn’t a comprehensive performance monitoring tool or health indicator, but serves as a supplementary data point when traditional diagnostic methods aren’t available.
```
